hi I'm Kate lesser the makeover expert
today's topic is casual ways to wear
shirts for guys looking casual whether
you're dressing for business casual or
just being casual going out
that does not mean sloppy here are a few
tips to help you stay stylish yet casual
and comfortable the first thing I want
to talk about is fit it's very important
that your shirts fit I want you to have
a shirt that fits close to the body make
sure the shoulders fit at the shoulders
the seams right here at the shoulders so
a well-fitting shirt looks fantastic and
stays very stylish another thing is I
used a pattern here patterns are another
way to add interest to your style so
this one has a polka dot but you could
do any kind of a print now another thing
of course I'm really big about color so
add some color you can be casual but add
a little bit of color now leaving your
shirt untucked is a nice casual look it
all depends on what you're looking for
are you looking for business casual or
more just around the house casual or
going out casual so leaving your shirt
untucked
is okay but again you want it to fit you
don't want it too long another look that
I like that stays casual is wearing a
t-shirt underneath a button-down so this
gives you almost the look of having a
jacket so you can wear this the shirt
still fits your tee should fit you and
you can have a tee underneath leave your
shirt open is another wonderful look for
a casual now of course if you just want
to really be casual having a graphic tee
says hey I'm more interesting than just
a solid color shirt so you want to think
about fit color pattern and then how you
wear it together
you